Add support for Discord webhook events (#16)
MattIPv4/workers-discord: README.md

Reviewer: Nit, the `/webhooks` endpoint should be noted in the first paragraph

      },
    })
  },
};
```
You can also listen for webhook events from the Discord API (https://discord.com/developers/docs/events/webhook-events)
Optional: Listen for an event that fires whenever someone authorizes your application.

```ts
import { ApplicationWebhookEventType } from 'discord-api-types/payloads';
import type { Event } from 'workers-discord';

> import { CtxWithEnv } from '../env';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import type { CtxWithEnv } from '../env';
```
Nit, this is a type import

> export const appAuthEvent: Event<CtxWithEnv> = {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const appAuthEvent: Event<CtxWithEnv> = {
```
I think this wants to be exported as default, based on how it's being imported later?

Reviewer: As an aside, I think the exemplar command above also wants to be switched to being a default export?

  type: ApplicationWebhookEventType.ApplicationAuthorized,
  // Only ApplicationAuthorized and EntitlementCreate are currently supported

>   execute: async({ webhook }) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  execute: async ({ webhook }) => {
```
Nit, missing space

    // `webhook` will be a webhook event payload as per https://discord.com/developers/docs/events/webhook-events#payload-structure
    // The inner data will change based on the Type above
    console.log('App authorised:', webhook);
  },

> };

Reviewer: ```suggestion
};

export default appAuthEvent;
```
(see other comment about default export)

        handler ??= createHandler<CtxWithEnv>(
            [ pingCommand, echoCommand ], // Array of commands to handle interactions for
            [ pingComponent ],            // Array of components to handle interactions for

>             [ appAuthEvent ],             // Array of events to handle, leave blank if not using webhook events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            [ appAuthEvent ],             // Array of events to handle, can be empty
```
Nit, shorter comment for clarity ("blank" seemed ambiguous)
